BD-2029: Zeotap Symphony (#5184)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/customer_data_platform/zeotap.md

---
nav_title: Zeotap
alias: /partners/zeotap/
page_type: partner
search_tag: Partner
layout: dev_guide

guide_top_header: "Zeotap"

> guide_top_text: "Zeotap is the next-generation Customer Data Platform. It empowers brands to to unify, enhance and activate custoemr data in a cookieless future, all while putting customer privacy and compliance fromt-and-center."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guide_top_text: "Zeotap is the next-generation Customer Data Platform. It empowers brands to unify, enhance and activate customer data in a cookieless future, all while putting customer privacy and compliance front-and-center."
```
